feat(js): Add SvelteKit SDK Docs (#6808)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/enable-automatic-instrumentation/javascript.sveltekit.mdx

> To enable tracing, simply set either a `tracesSampleRate` or a `tracesSampler` in your SDK configuration options, as detailed in <PlatformLink to="/performance/">Set Up Tracing</PlatformLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable tracing, set either a `tracesSampleRate` or a `tracesSampler` in your SDK configuration options, as described in <PlatformLink to="/performance/">Set Up Performance</PlatformLink>.
```
